Biomedical engineering is identified as one of the niche engineering branches in the country which deals with the study of engineering principles. These principles are further combined with the principals of medical sciences aiming to streamline the healthcare services in the country. 
Anti-GMO sentiment will flip as the world utterly fails to achieve control over climate change. With temperatures rising, droughts increasing, and the climate becoming more turbulent, genetically engineered plants are increasingly the Band-Aid to maintain food supply, expand growing seasons, and battle pests. The “value” of genetic engineering becomes self-evident as farmers and fishermen struggle to maintain yields and famine threatens many parts of the world.
The potential uses of the annotation project were broadly construed to be applications in natural language processing and in theoretical linguistics. These potential
uses of the annotations did not particularly influence the development of the structural annotation guidelines, which were mostly adapted from other projects. However, specific considerations of biomedical use cases did influence the development
of the named entity annotation model and guidelines quite a bit. In particular, in
the biomedical community, there is an enormous need to not just be able to recognize strings in text that represent some broad semantic class, but to be able to
map those strings in text to specific entries in a database or concepts in an ontology
or controlled vocabulary. Thus, our annotation model and guidelines were heavily
focussed on this “normalization” issue [55, 56, 49].Deep brain surgery involves the placement of electrodes deep within the brain to stimulate nervous signals ordinarily missing in a patient. This is more usually carried out through minimally invasive brain surgery procedures that allow the neurosurgeon to place the electrode leads within the brain tissue. The pulse generator that will create the electrical impulses to signal the brain is placed in a box device similar to a pacemaker in the chest area. This type of brain surgery typically aids patients of neurodegenerative disorders such as Parkinson's disease, tremors and epilepsy.
The health care expenditure is likely to witness an increase due to the rise of awareness and population growth. Furthermore, spreading awareness of medical advancements have led to an increase in the number of people seeking biomedical solutions for their health issues. This will eventually witness a rise in the employment graph of biomedical engineers. These facts are evident to prove that the growth rate of biomedical engineers is likely to be much faster than the average pace for all the existing occupations. A thin tube carrying an endoscope is passed through the nasal cavity up to the front regions of the brain, giving this brain surgery type its nomenclature. This brain operation addresses tumor formation in the frontal regions of the brain as well as the top of the spine without brain exposure common to the open brain surgery procedures. Recovery time is reduced, and the risk of infection is smaller in any endoscopic brain surgery as compared to a traditional one.